Updated mosquitto ACL docs with note about homeassistant user (#2421)
home-assistant/addons: mosquitto/DOCS.md

- [Mosquitto topic restrictions](http://www.steves-internet-guide.com/topic-restriction-mosquitto-configuration/)
- [Mosquitto.conf man page](https://mosquitto.org/man/mosquitto-conf-5.html)

> Add the following configuration to enable **unrestricted** access to all topics for `[YOUR_MQTT_USER]`. Once you enable MQTT ACLs, home assistant will no longer have permission to publish or subscribe to the topics that it needs to. It is suggested that you add the `homeassistant` and `addons` user to the ACLs as demonstrated below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following configuration to enable **unrestricted** access to all topics for `[YOUR_MQTT_USER]`.

**Note:** Home Assistant expects the users `homeassistant` and `addons` to have unrestricted readwrite access to all topics. If you choose to enable ACLs, you should grant these users these permissions as demonstrated below. Otherwise you will run into issues.
```
